Update doc according to the changes introduced in ACP2E-2114 (#177)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/development/backward-incompatible-changes/highlights.md

This page highlights backward-incompatible changes between Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source releases that have a major impact and require detailed explanation and special instructions to ensure third-party modules continue working. High-level reference information for all backward-incompatible changes in each release are documented in [Backward incompatible changes reference](reference.md).

## 2.4.7-beta2

The following major backward-incompatible changes were introduced in the 2.4.7-beta2 Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source releases:

* New SKU validation in inventory source items API

### Sku validation in inventory source items API

> Payload containing SKU will now be validated for leading or trailing spaces in `rest/V1/inventory/source-items` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Payload containing SKU will now be validated for leading and trailing spaces in the `rest/V1/inventory/source-items` API.
```

Author: comment addressed
